https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw # Ben Awad
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-AQKm7HUNMmxjdS371MSwg # Channel 5 with Andrew Callaghan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-EnprmCZ3OXyAoG7vjVNCA # Stanford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-LM91jkqJdWFvm9B5G-w7Q # Alan Fisher
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-RA5BzE_BnZhf5iVdNF1hA # loopop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-T8W79DN6PBnzomelvqJYw # James Q Quick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-WJQEm2k924NPOdUSzwI-w # Justin Solomon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-Zcse8tC53G34Uo4kzLeAg # Chris Blakely
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-fhG9Uy_TtG7iZZ8W1tPiQ # Wheelsboy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-hYI_iMzc-wkvIqvsW2u1Q # Software Engineering using C#
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-ptWR16ITQyYOglXyQmpzw # IAmTimCorey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-yuWVUplUJZvieEligKBkA # javidx9
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC05XpvbHZUQOfA6xk4dlmcw # DJ Ware
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC06E4Y_-ybJgBUMtXx8uNNw # TheBackyardScientist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC06HVrkOL33D5lLnCPjr6NQ # Breaking Taps
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0GmsDkaPerh1VdAfpWaaKA # Jorphdan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0QdW-H7_l0zh_CoNhlwoBw # ParallaxNick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0T7tvy44mlQCjaTtparOZw # Jer Schmidt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0fDG3byEcMtbOqPMymDNbw # Noclip - Video Game Documentaries
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A # Not Just Bikes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0nEDA3uRd5YuvBfMwQNteg # That Chemist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC17ewSS9f2EnkCyMztCdoKA # gamozolabs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC17mJJnvzAa_e9qQqLIfIeQ # Semicolon &amp; Sons
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC19g6QdzGWzRZv4piTgHwEA # Aaron Hunter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1EacOJoqsKaYxaDomTCTEQ # Le Réveilleur
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1H1NWNTG2Xi3pt85ykVSHA # Jordan Harrod
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1MHbPo9A_TcNH0fZ7ezARw # The Modern Martial Artist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1MSjY1ATUuLp_YMmf5KzJA # Tip Stevens
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1O0jDlG51N3jGf6_9t-9mw # Marco Reps
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1V-DYqsaj764uBis9-UDug # Foureyes Furniture
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1VLQPn9cYSqx8plbk9RxxQ # The Action Lab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1XvxnHFtWruS9egyFasP1Q # What about it!?
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1_uAIS3r8Vu6JjXWvastJg # Mathologer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1jsSfjt8MPRqK254HV1i9Q # GraduatePhysics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1lIHn3KlcJimyxsVugP4uw # Aging Wheels
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1p7jFXjL7Q0qMii08oAeAQ # Jaimie Stuff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1r0DG-KEPyqOeW6o79PByw # TechTechPotato
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1tozVUXyve6pkAv6gtcrQQ # nubDotDev
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1vVNQN-TCy8d3Mb_Owr2Kw # Masaman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1ydE9gDHTdvbNVIgEKIKzw # VWestlife
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC26YLK0OEbLB3TCYxGh8xVQ # Huygens Optics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC27jRFKGzztB9u9T5GkPH_g # Woody Piano Shack
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC29ju8bIPH5as8OGnQzwJyA # Traversy Media
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2AiGypIok7TBQy3KpkW0Fw # Tazio Il Biondo the italian butterfly (Tazio Gavioli)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2D6eRvCeMtcF5OGHf1-trw # CodeWithChris
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2LVhJH_9cT2XKp0VAfsKOQ # The Tim Traveller
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2PA-AKmVpU6NKCGtZq_rKQ # Philosophy Tube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2PPG0jeEImrxRA3VN2jvgQ # bluelug
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2_OG1L8DLTzQ7UrZVOk7OA # Axolot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2bkHVIDjXS7sgrgjFtzOXQ # engineerguy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2q7OXP-mPxHzJerA9tXe7Q # Ashish Xiangyi Kumar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2uFFhnMKyF82UY2TbXRaNg # John Ward (jwflame)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2wNnyb3vWhOt0K6LpBrtGg # Mental Checkpoint
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC31msahuXK0g6Keb27d1wog # NanoBaiter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC39yMXOL0ubFxLWwF1RwelA # STS Telecom
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3BGlwmI-Vk6PWyMt15dKGw # O'Reilly
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3CBOpT2-NRvoc2ecFMDCsA # Crime Pays But Botany Doesn't
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3FD64RRsrCLpiZNkq7ZkSg # Zoe Baker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3KEoMzNz8eYnwBC34RaKCQ # Simone Giertz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3L8AcX1xJEhTofnCF2MAaQ # Simulating Physics Miscellaneous
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3S8vxwRfqLBdIhgRlDRVzw # stacksmashing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3_VCOJMaivgcGqPCTePLBA # frank howarth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3azLjQuz9s5qk76KEXaTvA # suckerpinch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3bosUr3WlKYm4sBaLs-Adw # CuriousMarc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3cYcYPnsmXVqqMrqVlc2kg # Little White Lies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3j3w-oUtIAm_KI857ydvUA # Thoisoi2 - Chemical Experiments!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3ltptWa0xfrDweghW94Acg # Karl Jobst
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3qbvcgOHXRIFIofXyd1vBw # Mic The Snare
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3ts8coMP645hZw9JSD3pqQ # Andreas Kling
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3vYz1SAtcbRhsatydObGQw # Shijun Wang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3zoY9LapZERsN7caDKqz0w # Archipel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4Jrte_YtwWfANKNyzse5iA # Avides de recherche
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4Otk-uDioJN0tg6s1QO9lw # atomic14
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4PBNDLlS4d75MP0xxcukGA # Adrian Crenshaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4PasDd25MXqlXBogBw9CAg # Mickaël Launay (Micmaths)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4QYBbgLkGaULStiC5yc_1Q # Samo Burja
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4RrVM-Xck6VDNCZFWXiZUw # MicroType Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4V_jMdRbbTrmBVJB6FDzgw # Unlearning Economics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4mpLlHn0FOekNg05yCnkzQ # ferrisstreamsstuff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4xKdmAXFh4ACyhpiQ_3qBw # TechLead
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5029sGTV3cQWk9gh90X6-Q # hhp3
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC50xPFPma-nCS5GZpAFukpQ # Trek Trendy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC54NcJvLCvM2CNaBjd5j6HA # RealToughCandy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC556b-Cl0Fp02iMc96yoJbg # BBQwithFranklin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC55OV4HSSKJEthG4ulsKkyw # Good Blood
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC56l7uZA209tlPTVOJiJ8Tw # Low Byte Productions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC58IKuPHnZkdCZ6T5mSRGCg # Night Mind
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5DNytAJ6_FISueUfzZCVsw # Code with Ania Kubów
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5FWImlh1axobNU541SIHHg # BNT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5G1ThclVYLp2YFQUodTNnA # Timbah.On.Toast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5NO8MgTQKHAWXp6z8Xl7yQ # This Old Tony
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5bN6XKHDCFt_wYAJmsP_Mg # Jasper
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5i2WkUKnkAp5_fHTuNyrrQ # Death Culture Studio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA # SmarterEveryDay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC64TYItcUS940vNWhQRnJWg # World of Antiquity
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC67TJP9i84zbCi2h1aaSO6Q # Ringway Manchester
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6FO-Up1-oLj5nNivCNHL-Q # Ryan Chapman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6NY_nW0qjReE8MuctKxZWg # Joe Ryan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6QckhILSqdl3K0TWPWrDdg # My Tech Fun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6S5a3MQtr_PSWZxysXkOCg # Serious Eats
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6jj51m3SMKgcKuszVxpBAA # TheLastMillennial
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6ktP3PLU5sAJxN9Rb0TALg # Mike Shake
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7DdEm33SyaTDtWYGO2CwdA # Physics Girl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7E8-0Ou69hwScPW1_fQApA # Sam Zeloof
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7Hxh2arR-Eh_ijFFJfoRKQ # Food Lies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7M-Wz4zK8oikt6ATcoTwBA # Freya Holmér
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7O6CntQoAI-wYyJxYiqNUg # Ihatetomatoes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7XFmdssWgaPzGyGbKk8GaQ # Web DM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7aW7chIafJG6ECYAd3N5uQ # IBRACORP
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7gOSfPjZU6OPYPP1BZwTpA # The Amp Hour
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7qPftDWPw9XuExpSgfkmJQ # Nostalgia Nerd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7uHWFLx-zVkHxGfA4dbdFw # g0at
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7x9bzl98b5JDPA7S17-NBQ # Entrepreneur Mastermind Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC88tlMjiS7kf8uhPWyBTn_A # Captain Joe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw # ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8RfCCzWsMgNspTI-GTFenQ # Luetin09
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8XjmAEDVZSCQjI150cb4QA # Knowing Better
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8eNyF9eYwgr_K-Nl4gSHWw # Adam Ondra
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8fqt_PDhDDszL5Zi8EauqA # Terminal Passage
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ge7La_vq48PVEmR-DJ5Wg # lftkryo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8n8ftV94ZU_DJLOLtrpORA # Code Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8uT9cgJorJPWu7ITLGo9Ww # The 8-Bit Guy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8w0ME4M1dlrByNVOTyH2mQ # All The Right Movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8wIqZCt9h6uJbOBCQVuUmg # twoodfrd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA # Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC91V6D3nkhP89wUb9f_h17g # MeatCanyon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9BnGZLT4iPaJtDOXYwQuHQ # Primum Non Nocere
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9OIwUcx-Uss7xj7s1P5XGw # PensionCraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9RM-iSvTu1uPJb8X5yp3EQ # Wendover Productions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9SPN6qaM0DB455-DrWAdpA # ProfRobBob
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Tyxi96fEu0ho4mlxOEdOQ # Curtis Judd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Z0p8W-IvB_2K_cAQdf7bg # Ashton Gleckman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9Zts-dkDz0DBZ_f8ETgHcQ # BrisJS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9aUgz_Lu41jDmOyY9cE5gA # LoomecyV2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9evhW4JB_UdXSLeZGy8lGw # Raid Owl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9pgQfOXRsp4UKrI8q0zjXQ # Lindybeige
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9rTsvTxJnx1DNrDA3Rqa6A # Dr. Trefor Bazett
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9sXw4ZdPEIp6bYGvLW-_iA # vpro documentary
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9xpl8LyFRsKXASGHBBj_xQ # Building Integrity
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9z7EZAbkphEMg0SP7rw44A # carykh
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCA7LqFpF_Zlty4Yg2iGJppw # ReallyBigMonkey1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCADyUOnhyEoQqrw_RrsGleA # CSS-Tricks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA # Primitive Technology
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAPLyCPMWlJ0hZCS5-A8loA # Maiorianus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAWUhtGf0Y2bfkbFpNtfhPQ # stream_error
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAXCE0MLOSTTkkOU1HTh_IA # Noah Samsen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAdRYsUa92IgHotq0lqWqjw # Amy Makes Stuff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAiDWnTP0WB1xCp6uuUo0VA # Acorn To Arabella
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAiy7bY8nTQCWrkSRh6Wu9w # Un Créatif
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB0KsBKlEcEUaNfd5ylQvCQ # Source Meets Sink
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB1eDEd1AYG3YrRIJSZzMOQ # Real Time History
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB4CG5PB7DCp4R4sxRqrRGQ # Distraction Bucket
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBLr7ISa_YDy5qeATupf26w # Algorithms Live!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBPLij8RWsQrMxl_bjk-R8w # dosdude1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBTZEtFw_-eLa1Vb5LPiGMA # SithDev
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBZkl_NfpzVFaNeye4aPDAQ # OlympiaPsychology
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBcljXmuXPok9kT_VGA3adg # Robert Baruch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC0gns4a9fhVkGkngvSumAQ # Zsolt's Visual Personal Knowledge Management
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC3ehuUksTyQ7bbjGntmx3Q # Perun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC9zrtAkl6yY4dpcnWrCHjA # Prof. Dr. Jens Dittrich, Big Data Analytics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCWeRTgd79JL0ilH0ZywSJA # AlphaPhoenix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCa794oAhys-HzkqdfmnjdQ # DigiDigger
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g # Corey Schafer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCkSr3M8GXbS4txqPY7OMxQ # Edge Precision
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCrnCItH17W-64FDzjwOi5w # The Science Elf
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCuoqzrsHlwv1YyPKLuMDUQ # Jonathan Blow
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD0y51PJfvkZNe3y3FR5riw # Chyrosran22
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD5B6VoXv41fJ-IW8Wrhz9A # Fermilab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD7QUSiWc7QBP2XGRMGwjEg # Daniel Barenboim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDB-Sy9lw2R-muVoK8nE_BQ # Sick Animation
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDCHcqyeQgJ-jVSd6VJkbCw # codeSTACKr
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDIBBmkZIB2hjBsk1hUImdA # Jared Davidson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDXTQ8nWmx_EhZ2v-kp7QxA # Ben Felix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDYNWrwZrn16T-jyTVwHYLg # Marsh Man Masson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDbWmfrwmzn1ZsGgrYRUxoA # The Post Apocalyptic Inventor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDh-MCltU7QCrFvXMt3p8jw # Benjamin Lupton
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDoJIpPvtEwFvfNXsZvCqKw # Xander Budnick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDrekHmOnkptxq3gUU0IyfA # Devon Crawford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE1jXbVAGJQEORz9nZqb5bQ # Ahoy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE4xstUnu0YmkG-W9_PyYrQ # Usagi Electric
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE5dIscvDxrb7CD5uiJJOiw # Adrian's Digital Basement
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEBb1b_L6zDS3xTUrIALZOw # MIT OpenCourseWare
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEEQzq-81-YlCTErcCU5iYw # Dr. NEMO
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEIwxahdLz7bap-VDs9h35A # Steve Mould
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEOXxzW2vU0P-0THehuIIeg # Captain Disillusion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEUAPh73-aW33VT0ltJ1_0g # LMC97
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEWpbFLzoYGPfuWUMFPSaoA # The Organic Chemistry Tutor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE_LWXcsdp7cWbo4DR4ZA-A # Science de comptoir
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEbYhDd6c6vngsF5PQpFVWg # Tsoding
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEhBM2x5MG9-e_JSOzU068w # Jorge Rodriguez
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEjBDKfrqQI4TgzT9YLNT8g # Ghost Town Living
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCElybFZ60Hk1NSjgCf7I2sg # Eastory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEmBUvaW0UhAbPz4IiscKgw # Jordan Louis Edmunds
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEn3fRj2e0mpqYsijxnzayg # Xyla Foxlin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCErSSa3CaP_GJxmFpdjG9Jw # Lessons from the Screenplay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEvjiWkK2BoIH819T-buioQ # Mark Lewis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF1fG3gT44nGTPU2sVLoFWg # Patrick (H) Willems
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF2--qZa8pg-GZtjriDmE_g # TheReelHilarySue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF3cDM_hQMtIEJvEW1BZugg # Ivan Miranda
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF4kPRXfuoKj0ZS8hhp6onA # Style is Substance
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFQ6Gptuq-sLflbJ4YY3Umw # Rebel Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFR-QlAx0qFHN9-QmcrpHnQ # Pezzza's Work
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFaYLR_1aryjfB7hLrKGRaQ # Michael Sugrue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFe6jenM1Bc54qtBsIJGRZQ # patrickJMT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFhXFikryT4aFcLkLw2LBLA # NileRed
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFrjdcImgcQVyFbK04MBEhA # Brandon Foltz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG1h-Wqjtwz7uUANw6gazRw # Lindsay Ellis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG39iIqfeD8d8YBgMqdYauw # Professor Skye's Record Review
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG6tBbWzY_ZR4_rd72vp6CA # Alliterative
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG7yIWtVwcENg_ZS-nahg5g # CNLohr
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGFhjJI2t75REft9Koxp3rg # OptWhiz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGHZpIpAWJQ-Jy_CeCdXhMA # Cool Worlds
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGMyyn2FdEFcDfP1wQRh5lQ # Erindale
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGcOrQ_IW4TYcdF5M1pRchA # vswitchzero
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGoxKRfTs0jQP52cfHCyyRQ # MITCBMM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGp4u0WHLsK8OAxnvwiTyhA # British Pathé
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGq3OyOoLPYj4Oyk1DWnKxQ # Railways Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGrpLw1W3P1_BC4J-Hpytww # tim hunkin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH9Upwx0Bvoy7Tkj4JGaKnw # T B Skyen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHJBoCDxaCTRrwCHXEBA-BA # Mady Morrison
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHKRfxkMTqiiv4pF99qGKIw # Geographics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHL9bfHTxCMi-7vfxQ-AYtg # Abroad in Japan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHRXYmO1vdp-Bi1-w11R7WQ # 2STROKE STUFFING
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHS55yDvORmCpbM_3vNQQsQ # Michael Rechtin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHkYrJ2Fbe7pBjEZvkFzi3A # Mr. Chickadee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnBsf2rH-K7pn09rb3qvkA # CMU Database Group
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnK83dqyPvFo6GX0rCwn8A # apetor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCI2xq9OXUSbQGb3GdKx_ixg # Graduate Mathematics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIAmdxvgfnIEZnyQSiqgVgQ # Keenan Crane
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIBgYfDjtWlbJhg--Z4sOgQ # Garry Tan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCILl8ozWuxnFYXIe2svjHhg # BPS.space
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIMRGVXufHT69s1uaHHYJIA # Les Jackson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIWu-Sm1ywDVjqyHvku6peg # Primm's Hood Cinema
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIZ5ZOeiXYbmKTl_85ghNPw # Physics Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIg1fGP1uK63IFgHEOcYk0g # Raanvata
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIgKGGJkt1MrNmhq3vRibYA # NurdRage
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIoNgwHpavUi2UnC68cKgbw # Marshall McGee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIu2Fj4x_VMn2dgSB1bFyQA # Dylan Tallchief
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ6q9Ie29ajGqKApbLqfBOg # Black Hat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJLZe_NoiG0hT7QCX_9vmqw # I did a thing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJOh5FKisc0hUlEeWFBlD-w # jan Misali
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJOiqToQ7kiakqTLE7Hdd5g # Early Music Sources
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJUmE61LxhbhudzUugHL2wQ # Mehul - Codedamn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJYJgj7rzsn0vdR7fkgjuIA # styropyro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJZTjBlrnDHYmf0F-eYXA3Q # Self Sufficient Me
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJZV6sai-juDs4zAbAMVhfA # Eco Gecko
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJbPGzawDH1njbqV-D5HqKw # thenewboston
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJkMlOu7faDgqh4PfzbpLdg # Nerdwriter1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJq6AEgtWeZt7ziQ-fLKOeA # Prismic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK8XIGR5kRidIw2fWqwyHRA # Reducible
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKH_4hkRSyUSHDIFMzlGCRA # FOOD &amp; WINE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKH_iLhhkTyt8Dk4dmeCQ9w # Illinois EnergyProf
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKMnl27hDMKvch--noWe5CA # Cogito
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKOvOaJv4GK-oDqx-sj7VVg # Chubbyemu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKTehwyGCKF-b2wo0RKwrcg # Bisqwit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKU5nwSWYXa3xfXGBlKyvdw # Necroware
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKjDY4joMPcoRMmd-G1yz1Q # C'est une autre histoire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKxRARSpahF1Mt-2vbPug-g # The Signal Path
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKzJFdi57J53Vr_BkTfN3uQ # Primer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL-IWPkXQn3JYYYsPnpGlIg # DocMikeEvans
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL5kBJmBUVFLYBDiSiK1VDw # The Cinema Cartography
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLXDNUOO3EQ80VmD9nQBHPg # Fouloscopie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLXV9vzJwgYOyGaZlD89VfA # DEBOSS GARAGE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLfMmOriSyPbd5JhHpnj4Ng # TimeGhost History
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLiAWVcnE7FXLcrX5e5QHWQ # StarrTile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLsMRd097KLJMvkNzC4rYAA # Antune
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLsj_Re3SxtkbZfX_ypY1eQ # 수리노을SuriNoel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM3S0kFQHqj76dN7pVk3bDA # Omo Child
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM42XWqRoruK6bNkgbgoJMw # DisneyResearchHub
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMFcMhePnH4onVHt2-ItPZw # Hygiène Mentale
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMLgHbpJ8qYqj3CkdbvC0Ww # Fran Blanche
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMLtBahI5DMrt0NPvDSoIRQ # Machine Learning Street Talk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMSmy7qF24q4f_y6L86zNMA # Dominic Tarr
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMjMBMGt0WJQLeluw6qNJuA # PyCon US
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMjTcpv56G_W0FRIdPHBn4A # Biblaridion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMk_WSPy3EE16aK5HLzCJzw # NativLang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMlGfpWw-RUdWX_JbLCukXg # CppCon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMo28ATCDU0Kn9dpilAF79Q # Simon Høiberg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMrMVIBtqFW6O0-MWq26gqw # my mechanics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN1Ew9bj3uc59nwZ2M5beSw # GxAce
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN5CBM1NkqDYAHgS-AbgGHA # Oh The Urbanity!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN66Pz78qCMzGa1eNdBxWfQ # Jackson Kelley
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNCqPCEI1kkQEpaFUM9ieYg # Millis Construction
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNIuvl7V8zACPpTmmNIqP2A # OverSimplified
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNOVwMpD-5A1xzcQGbIHNeA # Design Doc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNQsm_PPL5jZhcuoowPZDQA # OER Project
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNSoT26yvtQi2OIX3wX1azA # Science &amp; Cocktails
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNbqa_9xihC8yaV2o6dlsUg # Security Now
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNc-Wa_ZNBAGzFkYbAHw9eg # interviewing.io
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNdTff8DTIMuykIEFPtPL9g # WorldwideRailfan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNgudhx2s_ubmiA2L_2NMmg # Defakator Vite Fait
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNmv0SUwrOkEqadKneNRwHg # Niki Proshin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNvsIonJdJ5E4EXMa65VYpA # ContraPoints
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO3LEtymiLrgvpb59cNsb8A # The Go Programming Language
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOKHwx1VCdgnxwbjyb9Iu1g # Blender Guru
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOk-gHyjcWZNj3Br4oxwh0A # Techno Tim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOluHMoKJ6CrS0kcybhaThg # Burrfection
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOywIdppbhn6hkgcEtDMatg # Brian Oltrogge
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOzuch8oW61hVYffbQ-upWw # Lines That Connect
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP3alkHEJhoxTpy3iVON-lg # Physics with Elliot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP5tjEmvPItGyLhmjdwP7Ww # RealLifeLore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP66nnrsoxc01bZEh1UKEFQ # Frothy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPZvrtffxEZ7KZQ9dYCG0xg # Carver Mead
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPdaxSov0mgwh77JvjQO2jQ # Man Carrying Thing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPfBqZQ2P8NqY7puxYzirtw # Afrorack
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPjp41qeXe1o_lp1US9TpWA # iPad Rehab Microsoldering &amp; Data Recovery
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPkobzBsAIjpItonUT7AU9Q # Bevry Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw # The Cherno
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ2NOFrvC9O1WH-SWHyIYVw # Rebecca Weaver
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ3ztZlbhR9RT09d4HAaVMA # juliaplaysgroove
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQ9STd0zeHrrQGJQEuvhuTw # Bismuth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQBQeWDycPczq1zril7hHHg # Polylog
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQI-Ym2rLZx52vEoqlPQMdg # Coder's Tape
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQak2_fXZ_9yXI5vB_Kd54g # DiodeGoneWild
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQmUmqrMGfnesNpdL7T282Q # Gospel in Life
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQoaCXh2vU2_qeUDt25LY-Q # Paleo Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQvq-0fss4lNrmIz7gcPLtQ # HowNOT2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg # Real Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR4s1DE9J4DHzZYXMltSMAg # HowToBasic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR9j1jqqB5Rse69wjUnbYwA # All About AI
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRDQEDxAVuxcsyeEoOpSoRA # Mark Furneaux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRLEADhMcb8WUdnQ5_Alk7g # Aaron Jack
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRRTfkRDKqsI9FSXP1sc4kw # Terabit Lab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRWodrIDrJJFXSf9y5Y5hyw # Slador
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRYhCg0DHloE9gn-PAiAYNg # deep cuts
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRfo-DAifrP3lzcxUHtGm_A # Tom Rocks Maths
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRhV1rWIpm_pU19bBm_2RXw # Sean Carroll
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRxAgfYexGLlu1WHGIMUDqw # JunsKitchen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRxWW_Ncs308nW4An23Yeig # Simple Programmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS0N5baNlQWJCUrhCEo8WlA # Ben Eater
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS4FAVeYW_IaZqAbqhlvxlA # Context Free
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSBspfcqX5QuK4XBLsh1rLw # 0033mer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSJbGtTlrDami-tDGPUV9-w # Academind
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSPLhwvj0gBufjDRzSQb3GQ # BobbyBroccoli
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSWMraguMlNanVQgseTTr_Q # f4mi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS_7tplUgzJG4DhA16re5Yg # Balade Mentale
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSb-xYOELhIqVr2n9s-b_4w # Linus Boman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSdma21fnJzgmPodhC9SJ3g # NakeyJakey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCShHFwKyhcDo3g7hr4f1R8A # World Science Festival
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSju5G2aFaWMqn-_0YBtq5A # Stand-up Maths
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSkzHxIcfoEr69MWBdo0ppg # Jonas Čeika - CCK Philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSvdee86uThqIrloZjWwNVg # Mike Patey
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSwwoUNvQWgZDC8a_O6Qs_A # Kaz Rowe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT6Y5JJPKe_JDMivpKgVXew # Fall of Civilizations
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTBGXCJHORQjivtgtMsmkAQ # Steve Griffith - Prof3ssorSt3v3
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTG_vrRdKYfrpqCv_WV4eyA # Ten Minute Physics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTIoOLzT1jbxAcPW99xn0zQ # James Gurney
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTSWebmSKFeq9iGuT_Kl-SA # Mars Guy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTUtqcDkzw7bisadh6AOx5w # 12tone
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTjmLCEVb9r1OpFDJMMWyIw # StezStix Fix?
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTpmmkp1E4nmZqWPS-dl5bg # Quanta Magazine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU0FhLr6fr7U9GOn6OiQHpQ # DEFAKATOR
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU22SYUm7Z1COjASmmQG1aA # Potential History
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU5adS8d-YX7GbJcnH0x6uA # SuperfastMatt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU9SoQxJewrWb_3GxeteQPA # Mr Carlson's Lab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg # minutephysics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUICU6mgcyGy61pojwuWyHA # Andrew Kelley
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUQo7nzH1sXVpzL92VesANw # DIY Perks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUR1pFG_3XoZn3JNKjulqZg # thoughtbot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUSck1dOH7VKmG4lRW7tZXg # gingerBill
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUVwT8zcS5Z_rYXnpomlbfg # Dan Davis History
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUW49KGPezggFi0PGyDvcvg # Zack Freedman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUXW4gT27TOaDzKFyN-1tXQ # Major Hardware
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUaTRF8LDgE6rQoduLWsErA # Coding Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcfU0Kuv8niOazZohyetZg # Hodges U
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcyEsEjhPEDf69RRVhRh4A # The Great War
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUk0AvSMU5CJ0wUqJf9TX8g # Coleman Hughes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUkRj4qoT1bsWpE_C8lZYoQ # ThinMatrix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUkyyRJdVdXFmBuxPLFYmPw # K boges
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUzQJ3JBuQ9w-po4TXRJHiA # jdh
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV0qA-eDDICsRR9rPcnG7tw # Joma Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV6uM3y-8TeO7JlCtcEN-Bg # ScienceClic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV7OupzIpYe9oIn_QSlyfJw # econimate
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVI8Mfisni3GaobL1e2JOIQ # Inheritance Machining
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVNCa8owLxvzOeRcJOieu6w # CampJS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVQa3eDp9rFpKw3LZ3AsMCg # Um, Actually
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVSHXNNBitaPd5lYz48--yg # Tech Ingredients
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVTlvUkGslCV_h-nSAId8Sw # LearnCode.academy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVVAnxQ2YMC_qlc7QfPA2YQ # AlmazanKitchen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVfdR37RuXXaDHue5XHus3g # CVP
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVkLc2_C-_2DbkAtPoUJWVA # Wylie’s Art and Science of Boxing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVovvq34gd0ps5cVYNZrc7A # Explosions&amp;Fire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVryWqJ4cSlbTSETBHpBUWw # Phil’s Lab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCW6MNdOsqv2E9AjQkv9we7A # PwnFunction
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWEHue8kksIaktO8KTTN_zg # CodingEntrepreneurs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWMaOB-Wxb1pbayjkOZn2iA # Jennies Garage
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWOkEnBl5TO4SCLfSlosjgg # Pat Condell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWnPjmqvljcafA0z2U1fwKQ # Confreaks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWnlQMQ-ACfhpD68yWRsnJw # Tod's Workshop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWoSKWs8h6lFdiEDAjuIfpA # Displaced Gamers
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWqr2tH3dPshNhPjV5h1xRw # Super Bunnyhop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWr0mx597DnSGLFk1WfvSkQ # Hallden
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWu6SQmC6nAZ-reuj3lF2eQ # Entagma
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWv7vMbMWH4-V0ZXdmDpPBA # Programming with Mosh
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWvq4kcdNI1r1jZKFw9TiUA # ScienceClic English
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX3eufnI7A2I7IkKHZn8KSQ # Joshua Bardwell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXNeUcG4KpZaYUgYJvgN9tg # CodeOps Show
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXgNowiGxwwnLeQ7DXTwXPg # The Science Asylum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXn5kgzdBaQYY-nXxbJkCLQ # Being Skilled
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXnNibvR_YIdyPs8PZIBoEw # Cathode Ray Dude - CRD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuU9AyEyTVQbckeEJox-6A # Chesscom Community
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY49qwPfCK4cPJvM1vDRmOQ # French'd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYA1VjSKXgNVh03wjw_HSRA # Dan Gelbart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYAm24PkejQR2xMgJgn7xwg # Stewart Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYMfih5kUr2FlB1W7Nvikvw # NC Bassin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYbK_tjZ2OrIZFBvU6CCMiA # Brackeys
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYnvxJ-PKiGXo_tYXpWAC-w # Micode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYt1sfh5464XaDBH0oH_o7Q # Java Brains
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYzocrbgFApPAGhq7PAw9Gw # AmCan Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ1wkNnjD06gYLeDFRW7hNQ # Kirk Giordano plastering Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ8_-dTIxnLOLt3jfH5XHJw # Broken Record Podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZB6V9fUov0Mx_us3MWWILg # People Make Games
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZM8XQjNOyG2ElPpEUtNasA # EatTheBlocks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZNhwA1B5YqiY1nLzmM0ZRg # Christian Lempa
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZUyPT9DkJWmS_DzdOi7RIA # Caleb Curry
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZVjCmJOQRpAQ_EruAIPqXg # Simons Foundation
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZaU6hJDJKkxvESXMPyUMSg # Jason Dornstar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZdQjaSoLjIzFnWsDQOv4ww # Sailing La Vagabonde
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZem9C5rWjSb0B8tV3k2EZg # Torque Test Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZj3jU2do5h3Ad0n00acenQ # Aleksander Woronicki
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZmLImmlPFbajiTcxHC9I6Q # Steven Massicotte
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_7BpJ5krodZJGERJ9JPNjQ # Eyebrow Cinema
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_HZvxzC_PWvRKoFznYOfYw # ПРАВКА,СВАРКА АЛЮМИНИЯ. Евгений Иванов
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_IaBSHmisYbiYlv32EeNkQ # Tom S
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_ML5xP23TOWKUcc-oAE_Eg # Hussein Nasser
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_QIfHvN9auy2CoOdSfMWDw # Strange Loop Conference
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_SvYP0k05UKiJ_2ndB02IA # blackpenredpen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_aOteuWIY8ITg7DQQspG1g # History of the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ # Jon Gjengset
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_msctwlIh2cwM8yAtaju1A # Nick Sibicky
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa4j3b1tp6onVeVQenLR0Nw # FriendlyWire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa6eh7gCkpPo5XXUDfygQQA # IppSec
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa8VCGFAY0yjDrexYFeVoYg # Spikima Movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaEgw3321ct_PE4PJvdhXEQ # scanlime
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaRzHWZf3VJX5jEtTRHp7CQ # MaxBrix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaTznQhurW5AaiYPbhEA-KA # Molly Rocket
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaXh9z3or5QbM0HPGen2Quw # TodePond
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaZRpfXzlHVchIJMpf-PVFw # Sci+
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCai8hzr9SPcdIcfGs1VUd0g # 髙木凜々子  ヴァイオリンチャンネル
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaiL2GDNpLYH6Wokkk1VNcg # mCoding
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCasG9kJWi1eVxM0QkyqKVJQ # Hand Tool Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCash6vxr1eNi5r_JsihPD_g # Tara Mooknee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb8Rde3uRL1ohROUVg46h1A # Made with Layers (Thomas Sanladerer)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbAn7pVK2VIyo-UysfWGdZQ # uidotdev
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbGZKLIHpox2l0whz6_RYyg # techsith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbNpPBMvCHr-TeJkkezog7Q # David Beazley
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbWcXB0PoqOsAvAdfzWMf0w # Fredrik Knudsen (Down the Rabbit Hole)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb_sF2m3-2azOqeNEdMwQPw # Matthewmatosis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g # Jay Foreman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbsW7_Esx8QZ8PgJ13pGxw # We're In Hell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbhl9yTKO6685Ssam0hXTCw # History Gone Wilder | Have History Will Travel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbmBY_XYZqCa2G0XmFA7ZWg # Alessandro “Alecaddd” Castellani
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbmxZRQk-X0p-TOxd6PEYJA # IanHubert
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCc1ufNROdAxto9Fr0jnEE2Q # Advoko MAKES
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcAlTqd9zID6aNX3TzwxJXg # The Art of Code
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcGlif61mMV6soFSiN2QHoQ # The Kino Corner
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcHuNKYzVMc06FXqsBEAV3A # Jago Hazzard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcRdUHUuBqU9uCsEuG39Nmg # Will Schoder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcbu9qaBn3MNFYr96mbg72w # Kimberly Brehm
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcdCkJKXlRoXVD03eo-q8mQ # Jackson Gabbard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCchpiPYTBEg4DpK6mKfYi2A # grayfurnaceman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCckETVOT59aYw80B36aP9vw # MatthiasWandel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcvfHa-GHSOHFAjU0-Ie57A # Adam Something
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcziTK2NKeWtWQ6kB5tmQ8Q # e-penser 2.0
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd18OhMfRmjMjzSHP7Zrzmw # Geoff Marshall
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdWIQh9DGG6uhJk8eyIFl1w # Theories of Everything with Curt Jaimungal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdmAhiG8HQDlz8uyekw4ENw # Inigo Quilez
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdxTCCRnQgfi2vr2fZupYIQ # Carl Bugeja
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe-ccO8qK2YH8O7ZjK8XVCQ # SloppyJoePirates CTF Writeups
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeEf90AEmmxaQs5BUkHqR3Q # mitxela
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeK-WtMnxma1QVk2EkN3omA # The Den of Tools
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCePDFpCr78_qmVtpoB1Axaw # Great Art Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeR8BYZS7IHYjk_9Mh5JgkA # Scilabus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeRXQ_B5WZD3yjPly45myvg # James Sharman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeU-1X402kT-JlLdAitxSMA # Florin Pop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeZLO2VgbZHeDcongKzzfOw # 8-bit Music Theory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe_ijwgvhtHQwQ55vsXDY8w # JackStauber
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w # MinuteEarth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCekQr9znsk2vWxBo3YiLq2w # You Suck At Cooking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeovElJP0n0i8ADaPsRSd8g # HAINBACH
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf-cfRJyxATGTgWGiFkFUWA # Adam Duff LUCIDPIXUL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf0O2efB4K66UUaT7QJPVNA # Al Muqaddimah
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf4iKXL_SJQ5d0qsKkboRRQ # RMTransit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfA54o0hJc1n7SfxYNSCafA # Econoboi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfGIWnnZY79KO0b12O57byw # Cem Yuksel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfKNHSWLE3CSs9PXK5RdQCA # Gearknob Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfV36TX5AejfAGIbtwTc7Zw # Chris Hawkes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfVFSjHQ57zyxajhhRc7i0g # GameHut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfWZwsP8trUy5uHJg8gcGIQ # Mackenzie Child
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfaLzWu44t7TrOMxf5n2dYw # Viva Longevity!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfeppgcy70ERp4gQrsYijsg # Middle 8
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfgtNfWCtsLKutY-BHzIb9Q # CityNerd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCflIoVkAjQnyAwDKFmhRDDw # GearSkeptic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfsznjef2zGJnrCRQBXqo6Q # Machine Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCftUpOO4h9EgH0eDOZtjzcA # Jan Beta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfzlCWGWYyIQ0aLC5w48gBQ # sentdex
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg-_lYeV8hBnDSay7nmphUA # Sampson Boat Co
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg14XfqXim0vpgabU3T7tRg # Practical Programming with Dr. Xu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg3qsVzHeUt5_cPpcRtoaJQ # 圧倒的不審者の極み!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg7MJSwLTsa3gBy_k4Wu63A # deepfocuslens
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgBVkKoOAr3ajSdFFLp13_A # KRAZAM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgFvT6pUq9HLOvKBYERzXSQ # Davie504
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgIxN1uPgvn5ItMOD2fUU-w # Brief
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgK09rx0qzZ8GPPFOltlFTg # Saturday Morning RPG Show
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgNg3vwj3xt7QOrcIDaHdFg # PolyMatter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgRBRE1DUP2w7HTH9j_L4OQ # Medlife Crisis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgTNupxATBfWmfehv21ym-g # Null Byte
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgdeMp2ZBnovi12THmLc47g # Harry Wolff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgmKhcvQ7Xg0Wjq1OVXTDlQ # Simulating Physics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh0GdE_8zFwzcxyjNFuKrTQ # ewhac
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh3tzzP6n5b1EWcMUpiEhXg # KYLE.ENGINEERS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh57rwk3ySElDpzgCDLh9KA # AgentJayZ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh8JiW2G9yR2v7TwUm04m_g # Kris Cochrane
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChBD4NpITiW2CzIz5GwppDA # Maggie Mae Fish
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChByJR-sX8CooIAc5nkV7Mg # Matt Stauffer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChSBq3h26QNYGBmi2yQPHKA # MonarchsFactory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChfUOAhz7ynELF-s_1LPpWg # underactuated
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChhMB_J0kz8eBJECy4d5uSQ # Crecganford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChocfRaSZusT5B_n8NpbeqQ # Bevry Readings
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi1TC2fLRvgBQNe-T4dp8Eg # Cyrill Stachniss
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiEbRbR2F34dORnT0faWFXw # Forrest Haggerty Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiFAmp2Crv66cQA-9SPje1A # David Parker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiNWv52iO_OAdZ12kslG4Cg # Unsure Programmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiczXOhGpvoQGhOL16EZiTg # CNC Kitchen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg # exurb1a
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiqd3GLTluk2s_IBt7p_LjA # w2aew
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCivA7_KLKWo43tFcCkFvydw # Applied Science
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiz26UeGvcTy4_M3Zhgk7FQ # Defog Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj1VqrHhDte54oLgPG4xpuQ # Stuff Made Here
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj54ygjMXmDVVcBZ1xOIh7g # Hobo Shoestring
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjFaPUcJU1vwk193mnW_w1w # Modern Vintage Gamer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjRr5v-lgiqDjLQsg4Z2ETg # Ninurta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjX0FtIZBBVD3YoCcxnDC4g # dcode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjX4iSeYRxWUW8xTvNcAEkA # UK adventures
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjoe3Qo_DymYyBR6X9VxFjQ # Secret Galaxy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q # The Hated One
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk0fGHsCEzGig-rSzkfCjMw # The Engineering Mindset
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkKPFpBG4pFX8wi7hP75mTA # NAVYMAN8903
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkS_HP3m9NXOgswVAKbMeJQ # Then &amp; Now
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkVdb9Yr8fc05_VbAVfskCA # Matthew Colville
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkY047vYjF92-8HcoVTXAOg # Coding Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkdJ2NwjI8LcgyvfU7PyaVA # Yoshiki Ohshima (大島芳樹)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkeSyVIlyMJY8tCimwYRGWQ # wil moreno
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl9OJE9OpXui-gRsnWjSrlA # Photonicinduction
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClKb-FBZL0UVFU4BPt5DmFg # SpaceChatter
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl_dlV_7ofr4qeP1drJQ-qg # Tantacrul
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl_rEKDGBw4myn0uOnPxYsg # The Technium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClbDvbWhzImDvV831Jaco7g # Msushi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCllFkMo5A0V5UKYNltNEt4Q # That Electronics Fool
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClqhvGmHcvWL9w3R48t9QXQ # Engineering Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClsFdM0HzTdF1JYoraQ0aUw # Brick Experiment Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ # hbomberguy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClwQgrO1lCQ73VtzQT9Yy7w # Joseph Newton
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm325cMiw9B15xl22_gr6Dw # Beau Miles
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm5mt-A4w61lknZ9lCsZtBw # Steve Brunton
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm87i_qG_B-rRvG7NWqyVLw # Connections Museum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCm9K6rby98W8JigLoZOh6FQ # LockPickingLawyer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmXGDFnFh95WlZjhwmA5aeQ # Frame Voyager
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmb8hO2ilV9vRa8cilis88A # Thunderf00t
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmtyQOKKmrMVaKuRXz02jbQ # Sebastian Lague
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmvYCRYPDlzSHVNCI_ViJDQ # Tiago Forte
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn7lavsPdVGV0qmEEBT6NyA # Marius Hornberger
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnbvPS_rXp4PC21PG2k1UVg # Gaming Historian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnkEhPBMZcEO0QGu51fDFDg # Marginal Revolution University
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnkp4xDOwqqJD7sSM3xdUiQ # Adam Neely
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnmm7WWal4bSl6o8hzPfYmQ # Alex Wild
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnnnWy4UTYN258FfVGeXBbg # Weibenfalk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoHhuummRZaIVX7bD4t2czg # Professor Leonard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoL8olX-259lS1N6QPyP4IQ # Action Retro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoebwHSTvwalADTJhps0emA # Wes Bos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCopOnltjd_os9EhR0nE_tSA # High Pressure Aviation Films
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCotwjyJnb-4KW7bmsOoLfkg # Art of the Problem
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCovVc-qqwYp8oqwO3Sdzx7w # 74 Gear
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A # Numberphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp3yVOm6A55nx65STpm3tXQ # Craft Computing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp5ShPYJvi2EA4hLUERa86w # Core Electronics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp5hG8rt1z2MJ9aNVxY2Xdg # New Economic Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp9ZtilfKJds0iWytR_pnOQ # Epimetheus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpGCuiAOFIDurA-hU_p2E0w # Tech Rules
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpH3aUvD5eePDJxgGNAlHPQ # ConceptHut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpHvNclapYpq8b0ZnGRoMeg # Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpJ5uKSLxP84TXQtwiRNm1g # Joop Brokking
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpOIUW62tnJTtpWFABxWZ8g # Codecourse
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpR3WMYUH5iCwPNdYx072jg # thanks_dev
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpXfS8bu7ILGCuOtsnJMtxQ # Vivek Haldar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp_5PO66faM4dBFbFFBdPSQ # bitluni
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpejL4mTlUJ_hfQY1PiCW6Q # Dogumentary TV
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpqDUjTsof-kTNpnyWper_Q # John Vervaeke
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpzRDg0orQBZFBPzeXm1yNg # Adam Khoury
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq0sDKI15IW8Fek6OqBhZ3w # cedarvillemusic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq9WQmB1GqfhPKkKFvFkY4A # Project Brupeg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqA8H22FwgBVcF3GJpp0MQw # Monsieur Phi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw # Game Maker's Toolkit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqXnuiMcl_Y1-lsPWjm4WdA # Lantertronics - Aaron Lanterman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqcBu0YyEJH4vfKR--97cng # Easy Languages
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqqJQ_cXSat0KIAVfIfKkVA # J. Kenji López-Alt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqrILQNl5Ed9Dz6CGMyvMTQ # Clever Programmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqrxiLP9RHz2GxDJaZuTRBw # Wrong Akram
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr0BMA5yu3AS0alkR7kYwEQ # Heart of the Keys
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrCTC5_t-HaVJ025DbYITiw # Alice Cappelle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrFIk7g_riIm2G2Vi90pxDA # Tropical Tidbits
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrHQNOyU1q6BFEfkNq2CYMA # Heartbeast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrHx-8y1-q5MLtCZWk0TuFg # 小九围棋
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrU33aw1k9BqTIq2yKXrmBw # Before Semicolon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrkPsvLGln62OMZRO6K-llg # Nick Chapsas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrkVFY8V-H_JEH-Nv7ylN5g # Zach Gallardo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrlZs71h3mTR45FgQNINfrg # Mathemaniac
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrn9HkH3trWYpxzlW9l8eSg # EpsilonDelta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrqAGUPPMOdo0jfQ6grikZw # Colt Steele
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrqM0Ym_NbK1fqeQG2VIohg # Tsoding Daily
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCruPxS5-hrp9b9GtNMuQA7w # CydoniaPhysGeekGirl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg # Techlore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA # Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsE74YJvPJpaquzTPMO8hAA # Tuesdays with Stories!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsUalyRg43M8D60mtHe6YcA # Honeypot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg # Wolfgang's Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsqZk5V2d44TNLRFSI5aVfg # Hooper's Beta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsrumG5BYDcT8sQccLCSL4Q # Mortske Repair
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsvIYWa4X0_DyszTP5nWSyw # ackzell (Axel Martínez)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtAIs1VCQrymlAnw3mGonhw # Flammable Maths
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtEnS6HGyK1oe71sxbJuhcw # Helpful Vancouver Vet
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtGO-l5UPnrsLXOGG9nMF5w # EconJohn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw # Michael Reeves
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtRFmSyL4fSLQkn-wMqlmdA # History of the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w # Summoning Salt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtYLUTtgS3k1Fg4y5tAhLbw # StatQuest with Josh Starmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtb40EQj2inp8zuaQlLx3iQ # Andre Madarang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCthV50MozQIfawL9a_g5rdg # OpenSecurityTraining2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtqVwrq2sogclCiqIvV-IUg # Mitch Davis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtqxG9IrHFU_ID1khGvx9sA # All Gas No Brakes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtxCXg-UvSnTKPOzLH4wJaQ # Coding Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtyYTpFBzWdoSFx2Gl2VNbQ # Google Students
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw # Cody'sLab
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu7Zwf4X_OQ-TEnou0zdyRA # Morphocular
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu7_D0o48KbfhpEohoP7YSQ # Andreas Spiess
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu9ArHUJZadlhwt3Jt0tqgA # The Educated Barfly
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuPgdqQKpq4T4zeqmTelnFg # kaptainkristian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuVLG9pThvBABcYCm7pkNkA # Climate Town
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCujjLOPLW92zVBlhaL8wxPg # Leonardo Da Sidci
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCujzLsIPEUY3k7oCm8Nu5tw # MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv5xTD1RDY4RzMrO6kgAiBg # Stefan Forster
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvBqzzvUBLCs8Y7Axb-jZew # Sixty Symbols
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvG9V9e1s2lN-hoWeHsDCJQ # Tyler Moore
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvI5azOD4eDumpshr00EfIw # Codú
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvM5YYWwfLwpcQgbRr68JLQ # Adrian Twarog
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvZe6ZCbF9xgbbbdkiodPKQ # Baumgartner Restoration
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCv_vLHiWVBh_FR9vbeuiY-A # Historia Civilis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvjgXvBlbQiydffZU7m1_aw # The Coding Train
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvkpKfSUTl8zlDSfOVfRRcA # MidnightSB
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvlj0IzjSnNoduQF0l3VGng # Some More News
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvpQ-l09fCVxJd3urZbxzHg # The British Museum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwG9512Wm7jSS6Iqshz4Dpg # ACM SIGPLAN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwN5PvSOH0ZvKJoTf84373Q # Pianist Magazine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwOConcPgxt3lIKIfBSNrTg # Transparency Boo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwPvdwZZ35dm6xozp-zpcpQ # Big Blue Frontend
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRXb5dUK4cvsHbx-rGzSgw # Derek Banas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwRqWnW5ZkVaP_lZF7caZ-g # Retro Game Mechanics Explained
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwbeWInXAoxHQZSRi6AE7Bw # Kid Leaves Stoop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwd5VFu4KoJNjkWJZMFJGHQ # Jacob Sorber
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwgKmJM4ZJQRJ-U5NjvR2dg # george hotz archive
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwpHKudUkP5tNgmMdexB3ow # Mentour Pilot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx6bPoa-JzryIz3eSk5TC7Q # Alice Sara Ott
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx9QVEApa5BKLw9r8cnOFEA # Gopher Academy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxA99Yr6P_tZF9_BgtMGAWA # Faraday Academy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxCFQfO05RinX6x_r5VVuiA # Jamie Windsor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxCcH7KGnHbjSmZn2OqD4xA # Timmy2Cents
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxDZs_ltFFvn0FDHT6kmoXA # bald and bankrupt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxHAlbZQNFU2LgEtiqd2Maw # C++ Weekly With Jason Turner
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxQKHvKbmSzGMvUrVtJYnUA # Learn Linux TV
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxSITxL2JbF229OGCqieVZw # Garrett Love
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxX9wt5FWQUAAz4UrysqK9A # CS Dojo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxXSGusSCEW4UQ8-us3yL9g # arronmunroe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxboW7x0jZqFdvMdCFKTMsQ # GDQuest
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxt2r57cLastdmrReiQJkEg # Tom Nicholas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxv8jMd-ABJboKo1a_LtuNA # LiveCoder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxzcBfvmeLmUNjlyM7FMgFg # Larry King
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy-IytMjnUY6_bAxD7yuZ-w # Wesley Kagan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q # Technology Connections
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy1a9TTEuEgfH9Py9sTVqdQ # Nikolai Schirmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy4kgsAYxcraee8w5SfqXPA # BAXEDM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy6Q9UCG7Wa-N7nht2BFrHA # CSI Starbase
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyDZai57BfE_N0SaBkKQyXg # Rob Scallon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyHDQ5C6z1NDmJ4g6SerW8g # MAITHINK X
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyIe-61Y8C4_o-zZCtO4ETQ # DevTips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyJDHgrsUKuWLe05GvC2lng # Stupid Economics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyNtlmLB73-7gtlBz00XOQQ # Folding Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyU5wkjgQYGRB0hIHMwm2Sg # Syntax
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCycgP593DMELhYaCxkkd0vw # pillbox movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCynGrIaI5vsJQgHJAIp9oSg # Greg's Airplanes and Automobiles
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCywW9bE07V-jskARJwc74cw # Refeeld
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyxv-Kecjm1eH83nmDmVlvA # Diet Doctor
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz-BYvuntVRt_VpfR6FKXJw # Kent C. Dodds
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz0KHkY0vuwou3sEBSpbExg # Stanford Blockchain Club
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzBjutX2PmitNF4avysL-vg # Aleph 0
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzT8oB4s45w3X1IG_TJtDBw # Simplifying Synthesis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzePijHDYnVHIXW6HYTL4dg # webcrunch
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzfW6SlNEyxmAPtdr3n-_Og # Moritz Klein
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzfhlrk4IDOgZLC5ZHdi2AA # Strikepoint
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzj9-ZfpJ74vYv1RZzAWTVg # Confessions d'Histoire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzjS_6kYzuWNznwIfQdqt1w # Travels With Geordie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzkjgi_ssPh82uiro89uvNA # Asu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzl8GEjZbjgtVj0ppupdBbg # Alex Dainis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzlXwR8hC2cY2r_TbME3ORw # CORE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzyuZJ8zZ-Lhfnz41DG5qLw # Dani Krossing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6GJSRKam_2BnNblvoguKiA # War Archive
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEniETQY1BlJ3s-Np3YDApw # Gritty Soldier
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0MGL-8ZUj8bB5rDdE4TXZQ # Escape to rural France
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0MGL-8ZUj8bB5rDdE4TXZQ # Escape to rural France
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmtyR1piEzGwYR5cfHo_VTQ # slickerdrips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR_i-r3a0vnlUJxEN4_5l3g # Calum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1fkms84ecHysOOz9TU6zig # Blast Processing
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7munRunnips5mRTHdVOPUw # Golden Owl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3g8YdblbqlUAKEeAJbzMYw # What's So Great About That?
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgbw0F-frjDxvQjzruGRJwg # The Serial Port
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg3tygBbdzyLEZ4lPMpCAFw # Byte Review
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuQT7Vc3OjjZuGkqehNxb6w # Enrico Tartarotti
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcpVoi5KkJmnE3bvEhHR0Q # ritvikmath
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC26K7LTSrJK0BPAUyyvtQg # Brandon James Greer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJLOFNyoiXsWmZGZTi1TnYA # Brandon Talbot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4CsqctrGOn4NTz09sAhXwQ # Macho Nacho Productions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcCYTCDxsMl84_btikjY40Q # Work From Hype
